As I attempted unify certain researchers and combine our efforts towards a singular purpose towards the creation and design of new mathematics physics and ultimately engineering applications of these and ultimately these applications apply towards the philosophical unification in spiritual understanding of the universe. It became obvious this will not happen the way that I originally imagined it. We will not come together and sit around a table planning this future deliberately. Many of us need their time alone to work on their project. Many of the projects that are being worked on are barely compatible or using completely different languages and so making collaboration harder. I therefore propose the universal translator as the core and most important next step. The purpose of this universal translator is translate the surrounding information or relevant information in different fields to the personal lexicon and location of the user of the system Now I used to think of this system as existing in between two different agents. However now that I think of it it is clear that each agent must have their own translator. In this sense this is just going towards the same trajectory that it was going before of personalized AI agents that understand you and are essentially or at least hold a digital twin version of yourself of your sychological self and perhaps eventually your biological self as well. We are approaching this future very fast. And I am quite pleased about this. The obvious next steps is to make this system functional within very small devices very small personal devices granting full ownership to the user. I would like to start testing this as soon as possible I am essentially using the MCP server that I am creating with the Kalima app as my personal first version of this personal universal translator. What I mean by this is I should be able to input any kind of information in it that I think is relevant or that I feel is somehow connected to this overall tapestry that I'm trying to leave but I don't know how it's related and so perhaps this system could translate these hard cane obscure formulas and concepts into a language that makes sense to me. In a way that fits within the Quranic narrative. In a way that directly connects to a Quranic compositional unit whether it be a word a type a linguistic type whether it be a passage or a chapter or a stylistic observation whatever it may be the way to connect the world to the Is that our doorsteps.