I started working on a social simulation to model the very landscape upon which agents walk as the full semantic field, the shared semantic field. As agents move around the world, the shape of the landscape itself changes because their understanding of the world changes. This represents a symbiotic relationship, a bidirectional causal relationship. You might call it coherence, or the zipper model, if we consider the landscape as the angels or the representation of the understanding of the angels. The landscape itself is the intersection between the understanding of the angels and the understanding of the agent experiencing the world.

Initially, when I started experimenting with this social simulation, I treated every single agent as though they were equal. Now I want to try different experiments where a single agent is tracked as the main agent, and everything else, including other agents in the world, are not exactly agents but projections, the Malaika (see [Angelic Possession](Angelic%20Possession.md)). If you read the other documents about the [NCU framework](NCU%20Framework%20and%20Interpretation.md), you will understand what I mean. I want to try this and see what different results I get. A single agent is nafs, the conscious agent, and all other things in the landscape are, well, perhaps we don't even need other agents in the landscape. Perhaps we need some way to represent different internal parts of the core agent as sub-agents. If we can do that, then the entire perception of the core agent, including the sub-agents, in that case the sub-agents could be simulated as these "other people."

Not only does the environment shape who you are, but the environment is designed specifically to shape you into something specific, though we don't know what. In this social simulation, you would have the agent interacting with the world when the world is represented as this landscape, the earth and the sky. How do you change the sky? That's a good question. That could be implemented too. You could change the weather, for example. There are multiple ways of communicating with the world and getting feedback from the world. Honestly, it seems like the end result is just a regular first-person open-world game (see [Visual Novel Project Concept](Visual%20Novel%20Project%20Concept.md)), but the objective is completely different. I was thinking about how to shape the landscape, the symbolism I wanted to convey, the teachings I wanted to convey. How do I make them as explicit as possible? But the more I work towards this, the closer the vision looks like regular reality. I must applaud whoever has designed this universe, for it seems to be quite useful in embedding a lot of higher-dimensional information in lower-dimensional spaces or shapes (see [Geometry](Geometry.md)). When I say higher-dimensional, I don't mean only geometric, although information has a geometrical structure. I specifically, or mainly, mean abstracted information or meanings.